Unify headings titles and breadcrumbs for SDK 3.0.2 - closes#479 (#495)
LiskHQ/lisk-docs: modules/ROOT/pages/reference/changelog.adoc

== Updated genesis block for devnet

> Due to the changes that have been introduced for the structure of transaction objects, the genesis block and it's transactions were recently generated for Lisk SDK version 3.0.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Due to the changes that have been introduced for the structure of transaction objects, the genesis block and it's transactions were created new for Lisk SDK version 3.0.
```
